README.md, before:

# UiBLuxAI

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1y-0tbCL7tE0Zk4FrThTu_77o_NypuFvNtzr4wUXGyIc/edit?usp=sharing

## State

### Image features

Every feature here has a 48x48 channel containing the information in every tile.

1. `int` Friendly / Enemy unit mask  -  1 for friendly, -1 for enemy, 0 else
2. `int` Friendly / Enemy factory mask  -  1 for friendly, -1 for enemy, 0 else
3. `float` Unit ice cargo -  % of cargo filled up with ice
4. `float` Unit ore cargo -  % of cargo filled up with ore
5. `float` Unit power cargo -  % of cargo filled up with power
6. `float` Unit water cargo -  % of cargo filled up with water
7. `float` Unit metal cargo -  % of cargo filled up with metal
8. `float` Factory ice cargo -  % of cargo filled up with ice
9. `float` Factory ore cargo -  % of cargo filled up with ore
10. `float` Factory power cargo -  % of cargo filled up with power
11. `float` Factory water cargo -  % of cargo filled up with water
12. `float` Factory metal cargo -  % of cargo filled up with metal
13. `int` Tile ice content -  amount of ice on each tile
14. `int` Tile ore content  -  amount of ore on each tile
15. `int` Tile water content  -  amount of water on each tile
16. `int` Tile metal content  -  amonut of metal on each tile
17. `int` Tile friendly lichen content  -  amount of friendly lichen on each tile
18. `int` Tile enemy lichen content  -  amount of enemy lichen on each tile
19. `int` Friendly unit light  -  1 for light unit, 0 else
20. `int` Friendly unit heavy  -  1 for heavy unit, 0 else
21. `int` Enemy unit light  -  1 for light unit, 0 else
22. `int` Enemy unit heavy  -  1 for heavy unit, 0 else
23. `int` Action queue  -  Friendly units that have an action queue


### Global features
1. `float` Day -  This is a cyclic feature. See this method: https://www.kaggle.com/code/avanwyk/encoding-cyclical-features-for-deep-learning
2. `float` Night -  Part of number first feature
3. `float` Timestep  -  % of total timesteps we are currently on
4. `float` Lichen distribution  -  Distribution of lichen for each team. 1 means agent has all lichen, -1 means enemy agent has all lichen. 0 means equal lichen. Can be computed by 2 * friendly/total - 1
5. `int` Day/Night  -  Day is represented by 1, night by 0
6. `int` #Friendly factories  -  Number of friendly factories in total on the map at this timestep
7. `int` #Enemy factories  -  Number of enemy factories in total on the map at this timestep
8. `int` #Friendly units  -  Number of friendly units in total on the map at this timestep
9. `int` #Enemy units  -  Number of enemy units in total on the map at this timestep
10. `int` #Ice on map  -  Amount of ice in total on the map
11. `int` #Ore on map  -  Amount of ore in total on the map
12. `int` #Rubble on map  -  Amount of rubble in total on the map
13. `float` Entropy of Ice  -  Statistical entropy of the ice on the map
14. `float` Entropy of Ore  -  Statistical entropy of the ore on the map
13. `float` Entropy of Rubble  -  Statistical entropy of the rubble on the map

Commit message:

Add action queue channels
Add length of every action queue for every unit and friendly unit mask next step given action queues

README.md, after:

# UiBLuxAI

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1y-0tbCL7tE0Zk4FrThTu_77o_NypuFvNtzr4wUXGyIc/edit?usp=sharing

## State

### Image features

Every feature here has a 48x48 channel containing the information in every tile.

1. `int` Friendly / Enemy unit mask  -  1 for friendly, -1 for enemy, 0 else
2. `int` Friendly / Enemy factory mask  -  1 for friendly, -1 for enemy, 0 else
3. `float` Unit ice cargo -  % of cargo filled up with ice
4. `float` Unit ore cargo -  % of cargo filled up with ore
5. `float` Unit power cargo -  % of cargo filled up with power
6. `float` Unit water cargo -  % of cargo filled up with water
7. `float` Unit metal cargo -  % of cargo filled up with metal
8. `float` Factory ice cargo -  % of cargo filled up with ice
9. `float` Factory ore cargo -  % of cargo filled up with ore
10. `float` Factory power cargo -  % of cargo filled up with power
11. `float` Factory water cargo -  % of cargo filled up with water
12. `float` Factory metal cargo -  % of cargo filled up with metal
13. `int` Tile ice content -  amount of ice on each tile
14. `int` Tile ore content  -  amount of ore on each tile
15. `int` Tile water content  -  amount of water on each tile
16. `int` Tile metal content  -  amonut of metal on each tile
17. `int` Tile friendly lichen content  -  amount of friendly lichen on each tile
18. `int` Tile enemy lichen content  -  amount of enemy lichen on each tile
19. `int` Friendly unit light  -  1 for light unit, 0 else
20. `int` Friendly unit heavy  -  1 for heavy unit, 0 else
21. `int` Enemy unit light  -  1 for light unit, 0 else
22. `int` Enemy unit heavy  -  1 for heavy unit, 0 else
23. `int` Action queue  -  Friendly units that have an action queue
24. `int` Lenght of queue  -  Lenght of action queue for each friendly unit on map
25. `int` Friendly next step  -  Position of every unit with an action queue in the next timestep


### Global features
1. `float` Day -  This is a cyclic feature. See this method: https://www.kaggle.com/code/avanwyk/encoding-cyclical-features-for-deep-learning
2. `float` Night -  Part of number first feature
3. `float` Timestep  -  % of total timesteps we are currently on
4. `float` Lichen distribution  -  Distribution of lichen for each team. 1 means agent has all lichen, -1 means enemy agent has all lichen. 0 means equal lichen. Can be computed by 2 * friendly/total - 1
5. `int` Day/Night  -  Day is represented by 1, night by 0
6. `int` #Friendly factories  -  Number of friendly factories in total on the map at this timestep
7. `int` #Enemy factories  -  Number of enemy factories in total on the map at this timestep
8. `int` #Friendly units  -  Number of friendly units in total on the map at this timestep
9. `int` #Enemy units  -  Number of enemy units in total on the map at this timestep
10. `int` #Ice on map  -  Amount of ice in total on the map
11. `int` #Ore on map  -  Amount of ore in total on the map
12. `int` #Rubble on map  -  Amount of rubble in total on the map
13. `float` Entropy of Ice  -  Statistical entropy of the ice on the map
14. `float` Entropy of Ore  -  Statistical entropy of the ore on the map
13. `float` Entropy of Rubble  -  Statistical entropy of the rubble on the map
